Performance: Awesome,no lags and a slight bugs i found in the ZEN UI...i think that can be ignored..CPU heats a slight while using continous 3G(i guess it's the issue with many phones)...But less heating compared to Yureka...

Zen UI: I have used Cyanogen OS and MIUI, I think Zen UI also has customiztion features like them..for eg.Themes,scrolling effects,and the quick settings,gestures(double tap one is awesome)...So overall it was a good experience on Zen UI also..
There are some very good features: one hand operation mode in which the display becomes suitable for using us with one hand..even left hand person can use this feature..
Reading Mode,vivid modes,floating calculator etc are some of the features i overcame..

Display: Display is brilliant...in this price range no doubt for that...!(i haven't tested in sunlight)

Loudspeaker: I found it loud..but... when we hold in our hand the loudspeaker gets covered..so it was not a good placement for the loudspeaker

Volume rocker:It's an awesome placement of button...very handy..while taking selfies..and muting the alarm,calls.

Camera:it is good but not excellent...in this price range..its the best...it has great filters and modes:GIF animation,time rewind,smart remove etc...which we wont find in this budget...overall it surpasses the Yureka and redmi's camera..(i haven't tested it in low light either..so can't tell about that)

Build:Quality is best..though the back is plastic it feels like metal..it is just a normal brushed aluminium finish on a plastic case..which feels great and stylish..

CONS:i found the ram usage a bit high when the phone is idle..it crosses 55%..sometimes..
Few bugs in ZEN UI ...which can be fixed in small OTA update..
camera is satisfactory or you can say above average..the phones in this range with 13mp camera are giving a grainy,non-superfine image..
and i thought this model comes with a fast charger but it doesn't..disappointing..!
and the lock button placement is not at all handy..i have set the double tap technique to overcome this issue..!
