surely attracted 5c
using android 1 ios 3 love it
buy iphone. open apple ecosystem
go comparing ram cpu android devices
make ios work needs
ios 3 great change 
ios 3 runs perfectly iphone 5c
build quality solid. feels good hand.
ios uses screen real estate nicely
whole optimized screen size
keyboard great
could type faster previous device
animations, affects drop downs blend seamlessly. 
great one handed use
answering emails bed could easier
screen quality superior devices market
keep full brightness without worrying battery 
audio voice clarity par
default email app classic.never felt need get aftermarket app. handles multiple emails accounts smoothly
new apple apple apps like icloud drive work perfectly windows file storage. itunes too, works fine microsoft os.
seeing flats metro ui (microsoft) material design android, breath fresh air
great camera
still way better windows phone blackberry 10
iphone disappoints worthit good solid phone 
loved reliability, battery life quick charging
completely satisfied cloud tail well amazon
problems all. second time ordered phone first time home button unresponsive
really liked 
first sure coloured iphones would look good. 
blown away it's styling high build quality 
feel hold good due glossy smooth body 
signing icloud contacts appeared immediately hassles getting apps settings ready
phone proof need quard octa core chips high performance!
case used flicker, great option offers 1tb free online storage auto backup photos, thereby allowing delete free space phone
iphone 5c different kind experience altogetherit top notch build quality expect apple
personal assistant siri far better earlier lumia's cortana
amazing phone 
music clarity mind blowing
big thumbs amazon
easy replace phone.
looks great hand. boring look like phones price market.
miui really smooth
sound quality rocking.
camera (rear) great price, front camera good.
high game runs smoothly, lagging
hd display beats phones.
free gifts save money lot.
otg/wifi hot-spot support really awesome.
dragon tail screen...i accidently dropped phone top pocket screen facing face ground suprise screen crack..just scratches screen guard.
battery lasts almost whole day heavy usage.
erformance wise flawless.not even glich.
cheap affordable phone
great camera
great display crisp clear
apps don't crash running 20 apps one time background listening music playing games running wifi well. remember 6000 bucks phone run like samsung galaxy note pay bucks buy that.
720p display. color reproduction device awesome. viewing old mobile photos (samsung galaxy music 15 mp) get images crystal clear.
camera. 8 mp rear 6 mp front facing. mobile compete quality price range. make low light photos everything came fine.
iui. amazing themes ui. build theme superb. holding ball lock screen, activate torch. use ball many things.
battery. 2000 mah battery nice price range. lasts 1 day heavy usage. still testing this.
gaming. tested asphalt, riptide gp2, temple run. running without lags.
ram. 1 gb fair enough run applications
processor. 2 cores always busy. tested cpu z. performance awesome.
nenamark 2 scored 6 fps. antutu benchmark. 20500 (next nexus .
good pricing
good screen (although reflective one)
better battery backup asus zenfone 5
ery good camera price.
speaker loudness better asus zenfone 5
sim card inserted easily. used one, though dual sim slots.
phone switched within seconds. 
user interface pretty smooth.
liked design phone. 
screen size good enough price level.
graphics pretty nice.
could easily put screen protector bubble free.
phone lite version too.
battery backup pretty good. 
camera awesome. ( clicks better photos samsung grand)
play many games hang.
used wifi 3g flawless airtel.
browser opened pages flash. damn quick.
use winter
use iron cloths
use water heater
cook rice it
premium build
good sound quality
great camera, shutter lag
lag usage.
battery backup great
screen quality, great ppi, hd screen
camera great even beats camera phone 20k range, front camera good
processor, lags , 6 quad core processor snapdragon
ram 1gb miui eats lot ram
sound quality good loud
though headphones provided sennheiser believe delivers sound better ipod
full hd 1080p videos plays like butter smooth.........
nice & sleek design
firm fitting exterior parts gives good feel holding phone
good specs. snapdragon quad core processor 1gb ram, 8mp rear & 6mp front camera, big 7 inch display.
miui (xiaomi developed custom rom) gives iphone-like feel interface
2 amp charger superfast charging. phone gets fully charged 0 100 100 mins switched airplane mode. (my brother's moto g2 takes 3 hours charge moto official 550 mamp charger)
usual games work fine. experienced occassional frame drops asphalt 8 (with low graphics setting) & subway surfers. think heavy jellybean miui eating ram. hardware pretty good games work properly.
tons accessories available flipkart online sites
good elders due "lite mode" feature makes options screen big easy viewing. 2g/3g data wifi used, battery easily last 3 days more. 
best spec @ price
good looking
better android experience (miui)
good camera
best specs phone price point
excellent screen
great cameras (both front back)
solid build quality
rooting phone void warranty
amazing hardware- quad core qualcomm snapdragon 400 coupled adreno 305 /1gb ram supports high graphics hd videos/ games. even 1080 p video playback supported.
312 ppi 720 p lcd display best get price range. 
colours crisp accurate too. 
dragontail glass really scratch resistent. 
infact used unit without applying screenguard week commuting dusty roads coins pocket.
amazing primary 8 mp sony camera module + 6 mp front facing camera captures good quality pictures. video recording supports 1080p recording.
notification led bottom screen configured glow 5 different colours different notifications.
built call recording facility.
supports dual sim 3g support first sim slot
expandable storage upto 64 gb micro sd slot inbuilt 8 gb flash memory.
great call clarity dual mic noise suppression
amazing sensors unit. 
even get gyroscope digital compass along proximity, accelerometer ambient light sensor price point.
great audio quality, good listening music sound (when using earphones) loud enough heard even noisy traffic.
great inbuilt apps like call recording/antivirus/data access management/tasks killer useful.
mobile looking awesome.
primary camera & secondary camera clarity good.
usb go best option available maximum mobile phones.
8 gb internally memory less price. 
brilliant display (ips + amoled )
excellent design fits ur hand easily
great looks (i took pebble blue)...probably best looks samsung series
true 8mp camera. front cam good selfies & video calls.
crisp & clear earpiece sound voice calls
flawless performance & zero lags
5gb ram best part. 573mb ram free even installed many apps.
wifi hardware awesome. get gr8 signals usually didnt got previously used handsets.
excellent display
superb camera(both front back)
flawless performance
amazing battery backup
dual sim 
superb performance (never hanged nw)
crystal clear display
sound quality good headphons many equalizer settings available
front camera images fine quality beauty face technology selfie
slim design & light weight
bright flash night photos/videos
good battery backup. surprise even keeping 3g continuously whole day night battery still show 30-40%. charges quickly samsung default charger.
good ram 5 gb ( 34 ) available 
speed ok compared handsets samsung
lagging issues
apps & games run pretty smooth, high games like combat & lag sometimes
great screen display
camera good,
voice calls good clear delivery
phone display super amoled great touch smooth
phone came factory fitted screen guard
got old phone exchanged rs 2000 cool deal
pros:
price
hd-display 
lollipop update coming 2nd quarter.
4g support speech recognition works great. 
8mp camera hd recording, flash support. get quality selfies
lite weight slim.
louder sound.(play song put reverse table, huge volume).
battery backup.(may be, lucky)
gaming good, touch response good.
expandable memory upto 32gb. 
price (again).remember pont reading cons.
vibrant display great viewing angle
superb sound noise cancellation
slim light, compact features
comes free screen protector
fluid ui, hang observed.
home screen modified google launcher
2300 mah battery, lasts around 5days normal usage, even play light games it
superb front camera, clear
value money get 7000/-.
phone design good, slim classy look jst love it.
4g lte
5 inch hd display quality awesome (ips full hd).
good touch sensitive.
dolby speakers good.
camara quality good.
superb battery backup. ever seen type battery back phones. 100% charge = nearly 5 days(30 hrs) normal usage 2-3 hrs 3g.
good experience android 4 kitkat version.
phone light weight oly 128gms.
weightless thin like feather.
front back cameras excellent
great hd display 
sound clarity good dolby audio
even 360p youube videos look extraordinary 
inbuit links download hd games like asphalt 8 yet downloaded
Sharp full hd screen with above 400ppi
Screen is 5.5 inch and good for everything. I really like the screen size texting messages, browsing the internet, watching videos are awesome.
Useful gestures like double tap to wake, double tap on status bar to sleep.
Customizable Cyanogen mod UI, you can chnage your entire theme of UI. Its a cool feature.
Option to toggle between onscreen and offscreen keys
3GB of ram, apps will never get freezed or colsed in background. Multitasking is ultra smooth and fast. I really love it. Because when I use Moto G(2013) apps get freezed or closed while multitasking because of insufficient 1GB ram
Adreno 330 GPU, gaming is awesome.
Phone is very snappy and smooth thanks to Snap Dragon 801 chipset
1 day battery backup on medium usage.
good camera qulaity in outdoors.
64 gb internal memory. 
Looks stunning., sleek and very well built.
Sandstone black finish is superb with nice grip.
No hanging or heating problems 
Battery comes for 2 days on moderate usage or one full day with heavy usage.
harges from 0 to 100 percent in 90 Min flat.(Dont lose original charger, with other chargers it takes ages to get charged)
With 64 GB memory you will never run out of space for any of ur apps.
13 MP camera produces above average results.
Volumes from external speakers is loud and crisp.
Wifi and Cellular signal reception is superb.
Has got wide support from forums and has many differnt options in ROMs if one wants to experiment.
From a Trusted brand "Lenovo"
Comes with Lollipop Operating System
Great build quality, looks & light weight
Amazing multitasking and gaming experience with 1.7 Ghz. Octa Core processor
2GB Ram which can efficiently support multiple Apps
16 GB ROM for users who wish to store more on device
Immersive audio experiences with Dolby Atmos
Fantastic upgrade in terms of brand, configuration and best value for money.
Camera quality is amazing.
specs of a 30000/- phone, like 2gb ram and 16gb memory
good brand like lenovo, proven for its thinkpads
ease of buying
all at an amazing price of 9999/-
Screen is good and has a good sunlight legibility.
Dual sim and battery is long lasting. Its not like android which is shitting battery whole day even if you dont do anything. On light to moderate use it will last you 1.5 days.
Call quality is good and the speakers on the back of phone are loud enough for day to day use.
Phone looks awesome (I have Cyan model).
Windows OS and live tiles is good but take some time getting used to it. There are some cons too which i will list in cons section.
All day to day use apps are available in Windows store. If you are app freak then just check the windows online store to see if your day to day usage apps are there on windows store before buying.
Removable battery and SD card slot.
Glance screen, double tap to wake and double tap on navigation bar to sleep are the best features and they work seamlessly. 
Its an amazing cell phone. A gem from Xiaomi...hats off
No heating problems while charging or heavy usage. took 1hour 45 mins to charge from 10%-100%.
Battery doesnt drain fast post heavy usage.
Superb display and sound clarity.
Both the cameras are amazing.
Music player gives a mindblowing output.
People who are crying about not receiving whatsapp and other notifications, please grow up and learn to use a cell phone first. It does give all the notifications.
 Nice build quality in this budget
- UI is good
.good camera
2.good flash
3.decent audio output(music).
4.Nice ui(EMUI)
Hardware : 9/10
Android Software customization : 9/10
Display : 9/10
Other Features (Guesture Support, Privacy) : 9/10
Light Weight, build quality and design
Screen clarity
Display is crisp 
Dolby Atmos audio quality
Battery back
USB cable (good quality) & screen guard provided
Vibe UI is attractive and useful. Internal security apps also good
Touch is very smooth.
Camera quality is good, when it is in low light the picture sharp is dead.
Ear phone audio is good but use some good quality hearphone,Microsoft ear phone is worst.
Ringer volume is quite high.
No lags.
And it supports 1080p (.mkv) format video without lags.But guys download the moli player for enjoying .mkv format videos.
Black model has the matte finish and all other models have plastic ones. I liked the matte finish and feels very sturdy in hand.
The operating system, Its very nice and felt good. Don't know why, but different from android.
I am running the technical preview of windows 10, signed in my Lap with the same microsoft account as that of in the phone. So sync is done automatically.. (Photos, contacts)
4 Battery backup of the phone is normal when mobile data is turned on (Max 24 hours of use), but when mobile data is turned off - I started using my phone on a journey (96%) was listening to music for 2 hours, playing games continuously for 2 hours (FIFA 15, asphalt 8, mortal combat 5) and was playing movies for 1 hour and still my battery was left with 54%.
screen quality is very good. It does its job for a 720p display
Camera is awesome than compared to most of the android phones (lenovo a6000,7000, mi4, moto-g,x). primary 1MP camera is way better than its competetiors who have 2MP camera.
Lumia 540 has 5MP front camera, but runs snapdragon 200 processor. 640 runs on 400 processor. Obviously performance would be good in here.
Last but not the least, People say there are no enough apps in windows store. I use a lot of apps on daily basis (hdfc, icici, flipkart, paytm, mibikwik, games, ebooks). I don't feel the apps are insufficient.
1st thing you will notice is that the Display is beautiful.
Nice speaker quality.
Amazing rear camera can't say the same for the front but it is decent.
Feels solid.
Good battery life(more than a day with 3G + wifi + calls etc.)
Windows 8.1 interface is good. I loved it...
Stunning looks. 
It feels very premium to have this set in hands. 
Slim design. I ordered white one and it looks great.
Experienced no lag so far. Windows OS is absolutely refreshing after my experience with android.
Brilliant camera. However not so ideal for low light images.
Very elegant touch screen.
Good camera,Rear camera quality is good in outdoor
No bloatware
Fast.
less heat
Handy and Lighter :-)
Features are very good
Touch and resolution is nice
Battery performance is good
Decent Battery Life
High Quality camera 
Good Music output 
Good performance
Good look 
Slim
Mobile size is handy and can use it for single hand typing.
Keys and build quality is good and not cheap, I have dropped it many times its still working with no issues.
display is good, it produces the colors vivd and its bright. even in mid day in sunlight u can manage.
battery backup is good, u can manage the whole day charging once. but if u are browsing or gaming it eats up the battery faster. 
software given from Xiomi is good and tested, it has the its own class. good customization and functionality works.
hardware is good. it responses faster. 
back Camera: 8 megapixel back end camera is pretty good. takes good photos, white balancing is amazing. when u zoom photo won't go noisy. this 8mp cam is competitive, i some time use this to take photos. in built HDR is good.
front camera: this is awesome for taking selfi . very good white balancing and wide enough to fit ppl. the default photo processing software soften the skin and its good for selfies. 
call clarity and voice clarity is good. Speaker is loud which is good for playback in home and room.
music output is good. I use JBL T200 with this. enough for music lovers.
comes with two 4G SIM slot which really awesome.
Nice MIUI, good for a change from regular stock android
Its having 4G! Soon to be implemented in India
Its having USB OTG, you can use your pen drive or joystick with this device
Good battery backup and charging speed
Really nice rear and front camera
Its Motorola
Screen is bright and vivid
Best stock android phone under Rs 15000
Camera in daylight
Nice grip
Speakers somewhat 
Its Motorola
Screen is bright and vivid
Best stock android phone under Rs 15000
Camera in daylight
Nice grip
Speakers somewhat 
GOOD AND FAST PROCESSOR - NO LAG
CALL QUALITY TOP NOTCH WITH NOISE CANCELLING
PURE KITKAT WITH GUARANTEED " L " UPGRADE. 
LOW LIGHT PICTURES IN CAMERA EXTEREMLY GOOD.
LAST BUT NOT LEAST - SOLID BUILD QUALITY.
EXPANDABLE MEMORY.
Great Battery Life last full day Even if use 3g(7 hours).
Very Good display
Good Rear and Front Camera !! No Doubt
Call quality is excellent
4g, Booked a tatkal Ticket on irctc in a flash ;) 
2GB Ram !!
Dual Sim and both 4g !!!! 
Multi User login (cheers to this )
Private Contacts, Applications and Gallery (no need of any app lock Software)
Smart Cover functionality is awesome . you can receive calls and Change songs with Opening your cover !! 
With Ultra saving Mode you can run without charging upto 28-30hrs.
water fall laminated HD display 
dts sound 
4g dualsim (micro)
cam good quality 13pmp & 5mp front 
4g support for both the sim
Sleek slim design with good grip and decent looking back cover
brilliant Display with good color reproduction( I am not a fan of over saturated displays)
Audio quality is good when compare to competitors.
EMUI 3.0 is superb sleek and well featured to customize without 3rd party tools
13 MP back camera is good and 5MP front cam is excellent for selfys
15 months warranty for phone 
Battery: Amazing standby time, gives 3 modes by default, for heavy cpu usage such as farcry ,brothers in arms, for daily usage, and a power saving mode
Camera: considering its price camera performs exceptionally well ..images are crisp and well colored.. though low light images lack a little detail and added noise..but that wont be seen until u pan the image in a pc
UI: interface is decent with minimal lags unlike that of miui 6 which hangs a lot
Screen: great bezel ratio and great viewing angles under sunlight (i 've tried and found it similar to 5s)
Touch and dimensions : phone is pretty light and slim making it easy to use with one hand even though its a 5.5in display
hardware : Snapdragon 410+Adreno =power packed energy efficient device
Battery: Amazing stand by time... Will last more than a day even if you use very heavily.
Camera: For the price, the camera is superb. Both rear (13mp) and front (5mp). Many of my friends and relatives have appreciated the camera performance and picture quality.
Apps can be installed directly on SD card. Phone has the functionality to set the default installation to "external memory"
I'm a gamer and this phone satisfies me in gaming. I've installed games likes Modern Combat 5, Clash of Clans, Beach Buggy Racing, Beast Quest, Front Line Commando and Subway Surfer. 
Gaming experience is flawless. I noticed frame drops in Clash of Clash and not in the rest of the games. 
And coming to the HEATING of the phone, it does heat only a little bit. No excessive heating encountered. 
It has the functionality of "Double tap to wake", draw pattern to wake up and launch particular app. Like if you draw "C" when the phone is on sleep mode, the phone opens the Camera app.
Warranty of the phone won't be void even if you root this device. You can install custom ROMS (like CyanogenMOD) without any fear of tampering the warranty. 
The display of the phone is decent. 
Has LED notifications.
The call quality is pretty good.
Phone looks very stylish and attractive. If you are planning to buy this phone, go for white color variant. 
Has lots of themes and every-time if you lock and unlock the device, the wallpaper changes.  
display is crisp HD display..
Camera stands out, both primary and secondary cameras are really good. no shutter lag what so ever
user experience is amazing , the phone feels so premium in your hand.. back panel finish is really nice, great grip while holding the phone.
i have installed nearly 50 apps so far no lag faced even while most pf the apps were running in the background.
Emotion UI (EUI) is really cool, you will see the real difference when you actually use it especially after using stock Android.
Double tap to wake :) ... wow ! saves a lot of effort and the power up key's life is extended 
Gestures came in handy
Battery, forget carrying your charger to work.. you do not need to charge the phone for more than 25 hours. ( used with WiFi ON 90% of the time )
for 10,499 you will not find anything better than this little guy ;)
Ui...the emui 3.0 is very nice and easy to use
battery...3000mah last longer
Ram...2Gb on my first boot 580mb of Ram is used out of 1.90Gb
Camera....rear camera is nice not too good or bad it is worth for its rate...front camera is also Ok.....
design.....design is very good and easy to hold
display...5.5' inch display it is also very good....
Awesome GUI: Tried to copy apple.
Selfie Frontend Camera: Great selfies can be taken through its front end camera. Feature I like the most.
Good RAM without any heating problem.
Battery is great: I used watching videos all night in youtube. And believe me guys, when I started it battery was 63% and after continous use of 4 hrs it was 41%.. Another feature which is good.
Other features are gesture based command, 4G sim, advanced headphone feature, etc
